Add Kubernetes Sidecar Networking Documentation. (#7)
qdm12/gluetun-wiki: setup/advanced/kubernetes-sidecar.md

# Kubernetes Sidecar Container Setup

To get started with a Kubernetes sidecar container setup, simply adapt the following deployment yaml to suit your needs. Be sure to create a persistent volume and persistent volume claim for Gluetun to be able to store data!

```yaml
---
 apiVersion: apps/v1
 kind: Deployment
 metadata:
   name: gluetun-deployment
   labels:
     app: gluetun
 spec:
   replicas: 1
   strategy:
       type: RollingUpdate
       rollingUpdate:
          maxSurge: 1
   selector:
      matchLabels:
        app: gluetun
   template:
     metadata:
       labels:
         app: gluetun
     spec:
      containers:

>          - name: gluetun

Reviewer: The better way to do this in newer version of Kubernetes is to use native sidecar containers with a readiness check. This can ensure that the gluetun sidecar starts and is healthy before the container being proxied.

Reviewer 2: Isn't this a beta feature in v1.29 and not GA yet? It seems that it's still behind a [feature gate](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2023/08/25/native-sidecar-containers/#what-are-sidecar-containers-in-1-28), even in [v1.30](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2024/04/17/kubernetes-v1-30-release/).

Reviewer: It is in beta, but the feature gate is on by default since v1.29

Reviewer 3: It's been a while and it would be great to see this done using an init container.

Reviewer 4: Init-container hit GA in 1.31 and I would be happy to see this implemented as well. If I have time I will try to set this up

           image: ghcr.io/qdm12/gluetun # Optionally you can use the "qmcgaw/gluetun" image as well as specify what version of Gluetun you desire
           imagePullPolicy: Always
           securityContext:
             capabilities:
               add: ["NET_ADMIN"]
           # You can optionally specify ports that are used by your containers, but it is not strictly necessary
           # ports:
             # - containerPort: 8080

           # Adapt the following environment variables to suit your needs and VPN provider

>            env:

Reviewer 5: Don't you need `DNS_KEEP_NAMESERVER=on` for the gluetun sidecar to work?

There was a rather big fuss about it in https://github.com/qdm12/gluetun/issues/1523 🤔 

I personally don't use gluetun with Kubernetes so I can't really tell 😢

Reviewer 6: `DNS_KEEP_NAMESERVER=on ` is absolutely needed if the container is expected to be able to resolve or communicate to any cluster services, without it cluster services cannot be resolved consistently or at all in many setups.

           - name: TZ
             value: "Europe/London"

           - name: VPN_SERVICE_PROVIDER
             value: "ivpn"

           - name: OPENVPN_USER
             value: ""

           - name: OPENVPN_PASSWORD
             value: ""

           # If you having connection issues, try enabling these variables to help diagnose it.
           # - name: FIREWALL_DEBUG
           #   value: "on"
           # - name: FIREWALL_INPUT_PORTS

>            #   value: "8080"

Reviewer 5: Can you set these to the same order/values + comments as the readme.md of gluetun:

```yml
      # See https://github.com/qdm12/gluetun-wiki/tree/main/setup#setup
      - VPN_SERVICE_PROVIDER=ivpn
      - VPN_TYPE=openvpn
      # OpenVPN:
      - OPENVPN_USER=
      - OPENVPN_PASSWORD=
      # Wireguard:
      # - WIREGUARD_PRIVATE_KEY=wOEI9rqqbDwnN8/Bpp22sVz48T71vJ4fYmFWujulwUU=
      # - WIREGUARD_ADDRESSES=10.64.222.21/32
      # Timezone for accurate log times
      - TZ=
      # Server list updater
      # See https://github.com/qdm12/gluetun-wiki/blob/main/setup/servers.md#update-the-vpn-servers-list
      - UPDATER_PERIOD=
```

           volumeMounts:
             - name: gluetun-config
               mountPath: /gluetun

>            # -- Connecting Other Containers --
>          # Define other containers that you want to connected to a VPN.
>          # When using Gluetun in a sidecar configuration, all other containers will use Gluetun's VPN connection.
>          # For testing purposes, you can `kubectl exec` into this curl container and run `curl https://ipinfo.io` to test your connection!
> 
>          - name: curl-container
>            image: quay.io/curl/curl:latest
>            command: ["sleep", "infinity"]

Reviewer 5: Changing this a bit:

- Testing it already documented in https://github.com/qdm12/gluetun-wiki/blob/main/setup/test-your-setup.md and I think K8s+Gluetun users would be aware of this. You could however add after this yml the equivalent `kubectl exec gluetun ...` to test the vpn connection.
- Leaving a simplified `alpine` container as a commented example, it's better to not have an unneeded curl container the user forgets to comment out.

```suggestion
         # -- Connecting Other Containers --
         # Define other containers you want connected to the VPN through Gluetun.
         # An example of container is commented below.

         # - name: gluetun-alpine
         #   image: alpine
          #  command: ["sleep", "infinity"]
```

Reviewer 7: it will help to document how to actually test the connection from alpine's shell:
`echo "wget https://ipinfo.io" | kubectl exec -i -t pod-name --container gluetun-alpine -- /bin/ash`

      volumes:
        - name: gluetun-config
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: pvc-gluetun-config

```

To be able to conveniently access applications connected to Gluetun (such as a WebUI or proxy) you can optionally expose ports through services! The following is an example to expose a WebUI and shadowsocks proxy through a load balancer IP address.

```yaml

---
kind: Service
apiVersion: v1
metadata:
  name: gluetun-service-tcp
  annotations:
    metallb.universe.tf/allow-shared-ip: gluetun
spec:
  selector:
    app: gluetun
  ports:
    - name: some-webui
      protocol: TCP
      port: 8080
    - name: shadowsocks-01
      protocol: TCP
      port: 8388
  type: LoadBalancer
  loadBalancerIP: 192.168.1.2

---
kind: Service
apiVersion: v1
metadata:
  name: gluetun-service-udp
  annotations:
    metallb.universe.tf/allow-shared-ip: gluetun
spec:
  selector:
    app: gluetun
  ports:
    - name: shadowsocks-02

>       protocol: UDP

Reviewer 5: This mismatches the TCP above, I believe you want:

```suggestion
      protocol: TCP
```

right? Although shadowsocks works over both tcp or udp (not both simultaneously, it's 2 distinct servers under the hood)
